How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the 
bug that was introduced?
It pinpointed the location of the difference so that it was easier for 
me to locate the exact difference between the two files rather than 
having to skim through everything.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a
more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having access to the entire history of a file makes it possible to 
compare versions to dteect typos and bugs. It will also allow me access
to content that I may have deleted from the newer versions and that I 
have decided that I need.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google Docs does?
The commits occur at logical points so that individual versions compile 
and make sense. In addition, the commits can be made at just the right 
timing so that the version history will not be cluttered with too many 
versions.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each 
file separately? 
Git is meant for code version control where files are often related and so changes occur in multiple files together. In this case, it makes sense to save multiple files in one commit. Google Docs is meant for documents. In that case, changes in individual documents are usually unrelated.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?
The git log command allows you to view commits. the commandd git diff
allows you to view the differences between two commits using their ids
obtained from the git log command.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
that could break something?
If I were to break something, I would always be able to ggo back to a
previous commit, therefore I would be more likely to take risks with my
code!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using
Git for?
I want to use git for my larger programming projects especially group projects.